docs: Create your own custom CosmJs interfaces (#994)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/xl-cosmjs/create-custom.md

If your `tx.proto` file contained:

```protobuf [https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.42.6/proto/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/tx.proto#L11-L17]
service Msg {
      rpc Send(MsgSend) returns (MsgSendResponse);
      //...
}
```

Then, in the compiled `tx.ts` file, you will find its service declaration:

```typescript [https://github.com/confio/cosmjs-types/blob/a14662d/src/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/tx.ts#L243-L248]
export interface Msg {
    Send(request: MsgSend): Promise<MsgSendResponse>;
    //...
}
```

And default implementation:

```typescript [https://github.com/confio/cosmjs-types/blob/a14662d/src/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/tx.ts#L250-L268]
export class MsgClientImpl implements Msg {
    private readonly rpc: Rpc;
    constructor(rpc: Rpc) {
        this.rpc = rpc;
        this.Send = this.Send.bind(this);
        //...
    }
    Send(request: MsgSend): Promise<MsgSendResponse> {
        const data = MsgSend.encode(request).finish();
        const promise = this.rpc.request("cosmos.bank.v1beta1.Msg", "Send", data);
        return promise.then((data) => MsgSendResponse.decode(new _m0.Reader(data)));
    }
    //...
}
```

The important points to remember from this are:

> 1. `rpc: RPC` is an instance of a Protobuf RPC client that will be given to you by CosmJs. Although the interface appears to be [declared locally](https://github.com/confio/cosmjs-types/blob/a14662d/src/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/tx.ts#L270-L272), rthis is the same interface found [througout CosmJs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmjs/blob/bb92692/packages/stargate/src/queryclient/utils.ts#L35-L37)/ It will be given to you [on construction](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmjs/blob/bb92692/packages/stargate/src/queryclient/queryclient.ts). So, you need not worry about creating an implementation for it.

Author: ```suggestion
1. `rpc: RPC` is an instance of a Protobuf RPC client that will be given to you by CosmJs. Although the interface appears to be [declared locally](https://github.com/confio/cosmjs-types/blob/a14662d/src/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/tx.ts#L270-L272), this is the same interface found [throughout CosmJs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmjs/blob/bb92692/packages/stargate/src/queryclient/utils.ts#L35-L37). It will be given to you [on construction](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmjs/blob/bb92692/packages/stargate/src/queryclient/queryclient.ts). So, you need not worry about creating an implementation for it.
```
